Logan Andersen:
    I learned a lot during this iteration. I was fairly new to Django
    and so software engineering so I got some experience when it came
    to both of those. I did a lot of new things like: drawing wireframe
    diagrams, playing planning poker, writing things in Connextra,
    HTML templates, github kanban, and many other things. One thing that
    didn't go well was our initial github integration, at the beginning
    our github projects were pre-made but misformatted, and people began
    adding their issues into our list, this was solved by creating our
    own github projects instead of using the ones given to us by the
    school. I would say that doing planning poker was very usefull for
    me since it let us find out that some of our Connextra stories were
    vague, and needed further work.

Michal Lustig:
   I learned how to create proper user stories as a group, and our team discussions helped me better understand some of the fundamentals of software project management. 
   I especially enjoyed drawing some of the wireframes since I’m a very visual person, and it even helped me see and understand the features better.
   Many things became clearer as we communicated with our customers and refined our goals. Something I specifically learned more about was the Connextra formatting, 
   which made it easier to write consistent and meaningful user stories. Homework 2 helped me gain hands-on experience with Django and Python, which allowed me to better
   understand how the framework works. I now feel more confident going into the next iterations where we’ll start applying those same skills to BestDressed.

John Camargo:

I was able to take in quite a large amount of new knowledge from this first iteration. For example, I have 
greatly improved as a programmer, as I had to use and implement a lot of code and practices which I had forgotten about,
including granular testing, web app dev, and secure coding practices. Specifically, using Django with Python (to run not only our app, but 
also the start of BestDressed), I have been able to understand the Django web framework (and the DRF as well), and how it is
used to create and manage web applications. Finally, I was able to get some hand-on practice with user stories
(connextra format/DSL), acceptance criteria (Gherkin DSL), storypoints (including playing planning poker), and wireframes,
all of which help communicate between dev team and customers.

Robin Levisky:

    This iteration taught me how to create user stories as a group. Through this process, we divided up the high level user stories, then created proposed user stories for each element. We then drew up wireframes for the applicible user stories (those with UI elements). I then moderated a game of planning poker, which is a consensus-based way to determine the amount of story points for each user story. Moderating planning poker was a critical learning experience for myself as I worked with the group on resolving ambiguities within our user stories to make sure we all understood what we were building. 
